add changelog for dbt cloud 1.1.3 (#266)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-changelog.md

description: "Changelog for the dbt Cloud application"
---

## dbt Cloud v1.1.3 (July 7, 2020)

This release contains a number of IDE features and bugfixes, a new release candidate of dbt, and a brand new Enterprise Single-Sign On method: Azure Active Directory!

#### Enhancements

- Add dbt 0.17.1rc3
- Snowflake: Add support for `client_session_keep_alive` config
- Enterprise: Native Azure Oauth2 for Enterprise accounts
- IDE: Add custom command palette for finding files

#### Fixed

- Do not run CI builds for draft PRs in GitHub
- Remove race condition when syncing account with stripe billing events

> - Enterprise: Fix authentication bug where we setup all accounts with same domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enterprise: Fix authentication bug around JIT provisioning for users when multiple accounts exist on the same domain
```
